I heard the explosion, felt the explosion and things in my house did fall. 
I thought it was a tree that fell, but unfortunately it was an explosion and thank God that nobody lost their life," she said. 
The St. Louis County Police Department said at least three people were injured in a home explosion that rocked a neighborhood Monday morning.
CREWS RESPOND TO MASSIVE EXPLOSIONS AT FIREWORKS FACILITY IN CALIFORNIA .
Starship has faced a series of setbacks in its development phase, including multiple fiery explosions.
I've learned similar issues were quickly addressed without delays in Milan, and in Dundee, parents were notified of similar mold-related delays at elementary and middle schools. 
More than 1,000 middle school students in Saline are forced to wait to start the school year due to issues of mold and mildew. 
Watch Simon Shaykhet's video report: Saline Middle School forced to delay start of school due to mold & mildew issues The district said safety is a top priority, and cleanup began this past weekend.
One person was killed and four others hospitalized as a result of the June 23 explosion and fire.
I knew then to reach out to Colorados Department of Public Health and Environment (CDPHE) and they told me their Air Pollution Control Division placed that emissions data collection equipment on that ramp as part of their work to implement a four-year-old state law. 
We selected locations based on where we typically see a large volume of medium and heavy-duty vehicles, while giving priority to communities that are disproportionately impacted by air pollution, Schleifer said.
We are doing a lot of EMS, hazardous materials, and technical rescue, Pine said.
Inside that same room, investigators discovered "multiple food containers that appeared to have mold/ old food in them at various stages of rot."
Police are investigating the explosion that occurred around 3 a.m.
Disney kicks off World Princess Week with a special video celebrating the magic of imagination and inspiration.
Police are searching for the driver of a white van seen on surveillance video crashing into a Walk of Fame statue in Hollywood on Monday.
In the days following the alleged kidnapping, new revelations emerged, including that the couple was being uncooperative with investigators from the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department, that video of Rebecca with a black eye on Aug. 3 may exist, that officials removed the couple’s 2-year-old from their custody and that  Jake Haro has a previous felony conviction for willful child cruelty .
According to a website, Cats of Cypress College , and a recent TikTok video , multiple cats have been found dead on the college grounds, some with signs of blunt force trauma.
Authorities also combed through nearby surveillance video along with digital and electronic evidence, including text messages, computers and other forms of communication. On Aug. 20, deputies were alerted to a possible sighting of the baby in Kern County, but the baby was not found.
VIDEO FROM THE SCENE Chopper video of fire on San Juan The cause of this fire is still being investigated. 
Watch the latest report from Darren Cunningham in the video below Woman dead, 5 hospitalized after house fire in Detroit The fire started Tuesday just before 10 a.m.
Watch video from the scene below Deadly house fire Clippert The fire happened at a home in the 4000 block of Clippert Avenue, south of Michigan Avenue.
"There is a video of the incident, but there are many videos of the victim threatening my client, threatening his family, insulting everybody. 
 Video circulating on social media shows Al Fadawi going to Dearborn police, warning that someone was trying to kill him just hours before the attack. 
Surveillance video from Westborn Physical Therapy shows Al Fadawi crossing the street around 10:45 p.m.
Watch Peter Maxwell's report in the video player below 'There's a lack of chargers all around': New study shows Michigan needs $998 million for EV charging stations " I am always thinking 'where's the charger?'" said EV driver Mo Alkhabbaz.
Watch the video reports from Ruta Ulcinaite and Ryan Marshall below: Two crashes on Detroit's Gratiot Avenue raise safety concerns after two children die Two crashes on Detroit's Gratiot Avenue raise safety concerns after two children die In one crash, a driver allegedly traveling over 80 mph in the 35 mph zone struck a vehicle carrying children, killing two of them.
Hear more from Cory Schlesinger in the video player below: Web extra: Former Lions fullback Cory Schlesinger talks about mural of him in Allen Park Schlesinger says it's an honor to see his image as part of the initiative. 
Watch the video report below: Allen Park gets colorful with new Paint the Park mural project "It definitely caught my eye and I was like wow, that's really good," Enriquez said.
Watch video reports from Randy Wimbley and Brittany Toolis: Investigation finds Hamtramck police chief violated policies Investigation finds Hamtramck police chief violated policies The city reportedly paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for the investigation after a memo from a city employee began circulating, alleging the chief acted improperly on several occasions and may have broken the law.
Watch Christiana Ford's video report: Man dies after touching power line while working in Sterling Heights, police say Police said a 41-year-old man of Grosse Pointe Park touched a power line while on a mechanical lift around 2:30 p.m.
Watch Carli Petrus's video report: Woman recovering after being hit by car while riding electric bicycle Monique Rathbone was found on Sibley Road near Burr early Sunday morning after a man walking to work heard her screaming for help and called 911.
See surveillance video showing the moments leading up to the attack here: Web extra: Surveillance video of hit-and-run in Dearborn The 38-year-old allegedly behind the wheel was arraigned in district court on multiple charges including attempted murder. 
See the arraignment in the video below: Dearborn man arraigned in hit-and-run over the weekend Video circulating on social media shows Al Fadawi going to Dearborn police, warning that someone was trying to kill him just hours before the attack. 
Surveillance video shows intentional attack Surveillance video from Westborn Physical Therapy shows Al Fadawi crossing the street around 10:45 p.m.
Denver7 has the details in the video player below: It's going to be a different look on offense with Shedeur Sanders and Heisman Trophy winner Travis Hunter now in the NFL.
Denver 7 Meteorologist Stacy Donaldson explains how that weather system, aided by erratic fire behavior, is created in the video below: Rio Blanco County wildfire creates a firestorm By Aug. 10, the Lee Fire was inching closer in size to the 108,045-acre Spring Creek Fire from 2018 before it surpassed it less than three days later, after growing to over 123,000 acres in size .
You can watch Detective Paul Gesi's funeral service in the video player below: Funeral service for Northglenn Police Detective Paul Gesi The Gesi children believe the stigma that plagues mental health treatment was one factor that contributed to their father's death.
GEORGIA POLICE OFFICERS BREAK INTO CAR PARKED OUTSIDE MALL WITH TWO CHILDREN SWELTERING INSIDE: VIDEO .
See video … .
Aldean's track "Try That In A Small Town" caused controversy when left-wingers learned that the music video for the song was filmed outside a Tennessee courthouse where a lynching occurred nearly a century prior.
VIDEO OF RACIAL SLUR YELLED DURING THE BRUTAL CINCINNATI BEATDOWN EMERGES . 
He can be seen slapping one of the perpetrators in the viral video, and has been charged with disorderly conduct.
BCPS also has a short video you can watch.
Investigators say the juvenile was seen on surveillance video and was later found at a nearby gas station.
Click the video to learn more about 'Ceilidh" Scottish dance and music making its way to Baltimore The production offers a dynamic, interactive experience that keeps audiences engaged throughout the performance.
DHS also posted this video of Garcia being taken back into custody.
The documentary "Simple Plan: The Kids In the Crowd" is available now on Prime Video.
Video shows one driver flipping into a parked car.
She has also explored video and performance, with projects that expand her practice beyond painting.
Starship has faced a series of setbacks in its development phase, including multiple fiery explosions.
She was driving her children home from school in Arizona City, which is about 60 miles southeast of Phoenix, when it hit.
The Polk County sheriff wore the jewelry to drive home what he called the deadly consequences of so-called "low-level" drug dealing.
Trump escalated it on Aug. 11 by temporarily seizing federal control of the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) under emergency powers in the Home Rule Act.
BELOVED FAMILY OF FOUR KILLED IN TRAGIC PLANE CRASH WHILE RETURNING HOME FROM BEACH VACATION . 
Nunney said that his family had planned a special day on campus before returning home to Ohio.
On April 25, she died by suicide in her Neergabby, Australia, home.
Chicago, home to about 2.7 million people, has topped the nation in homicides for 13 straight years, logging 573 in 2024 alone, according to the city's own figures. 
The president escalated it on Aug. 11 by temporarily seizing federal control of the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) under emergency powers in the Home Rule Act, the first such move in U.S. history.
"It seems to be almost a daily occurrence where an illegal alien driving kills innocent Americans," Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security Tricia McLaughlin said in a statement. 
"Julio Cesar Herrera-Gonzales, a criminal illegal alien from Honduras, was granted Temporary Protected Status in 2008," a Department of Homeland Security spokesperson told Fox News' Bill Melugin.
Economic and financial analysts are warning that President Donald Trump’s attempt to fire Federal Reserve governor Lisa Cook risks undermining the central bank’s independence — something that could ultimately put U.S. households’ finances at risk
Lil Nas X on Monday called his naked confrontation with police "terrifying," his first comments since the incident in Los Angeles last week
A Ukrainian woman who came to the U.S. to escape war in her native country was stabbed to death in Charlotte on Friday, police said. 
MASS SHOOTING IN BALTIMORE LEAVES 6 PEOPLE WOUNDED, INCLUDING 5-YEAR-OLD: POLICE . 
WOMAN GUNNED DOWN IN 'SAFE' DC NEIGHBORHOOD AS TRUMP LAUNCHES FEDERAL POLICE TAKEOVER .
Images posted on Facebook by the Baltimore City Fire Department Engine 57 show flames towering over a charred play structure. 
Moore has rejected calls to consider deploying the National Guard to assist local police, though. 
My heart is heavy, and I’m feeling so many emotions right now," Kendra Summers commented on a Facebook post of the damage shared by Baltimore City Fire Department's Engine 57.
After yet another bloody weekend, some Chicago residents said they would welcome reinforcements if President Donald Trump decides to federalize the police force in Chicago. 
Chicago residents express support for Trump's plan to federalize city police following another bloody weekend with 6 killed and 27 injured in shootings. 
He recalled efforts under former Mayor Rahm Emanuel to flood high-crime areas with more police and the National Guard .
The Sapphire, a coal ship, had an explosion on board on August 18. 
The ship was outbound from the Baltimore Harbor and just south of Fort Carroll when the explosion occurred.
Residents packed the town hall meeting, discussing the explosion aftermath.
So that terminology gets changed a lot, and shelter in place can also be used for tornado or gas leak," Huisman said.
The bomb and arson squad was now looking at the blast as "likely a natural gas explosion," St. Louis County Police Chief Col.
CSP later learned the fluid leaking from the semi was Hydrochloric acid.
People can contract the Vibrio vulnificus infection when contaminated water enters the body through an open cut or skin wound.
A hazardous materials incident shut down both directions of I-70 and Highway 40 early Wednesday morning, triggering a chain reaction of semi-trucks diverting onto unsuitable side roads. 
on Wednesday, after a semi-truck caught fire and was leaking hydrochloric acid.
Clean garbage cans regularly to keep them free of food odors: ammonia is effective. 
Keep enclosures clean to minimize animal odors.  Hang rags soaked in ammonia and/or Pine-Sol around the enclosure as a scent deterrent.
New EPA data shows PFAS, or "forever chemicals," in 200 more drinking water systems nationwide, including Durham and Fayetteville, as NC utilities work to remove them.
Just hours after a shooter opened fire through the windows of a Catholic church in Minneapolis, hundreds gathered inside a nearby school’s gym, clutching one another and wiping away tears during a vigil.
Two children were killed and 17 people were injured when a shooter opened fire at a Catholic school in Minneapolis during the first week of classes.
The suspect who opened fire in Minneapolis at a Catholic school during Mass has been identified by authorities as a person in her early 20s who left behind online videos with disturbing content and writings that referred to suicide.
The head of the Centers for Disease Control, Dr. Susan Monarez, is refusing to leave after the White House tried to fire her amid clashes over vaccine policies but a White House spokesperson says because Monarez refused to resign, the White House has terminated her from her position.
"When CDC Director Susan Monarez refused to rubber-stamp unscientific, reckless directives and fire dedicated health experts, she chose protecting the public over serving a political agenda.
The fire was reported around 9 p.m.
A 70-year-old man has been charged with arson in connection with an Aug. 23 fire in Kunia, according to the Honolulu Police Department.
Crews have been working to remove hazardous debris and clear properties since the very first day they were allowed to after the fire. 
“We have a host of issues to deal with,” said Congressman Sherman, whose jurisdiction encompasses nearly all of where the fire burned. 
“Whether it be additional federal aid to those who were not adequately insured, to getting the insurance companies to outline what they need to see here in order to write fire insurance in the future.” .
According to court documents, agents later learned that the person who set the fire was the president of the local Screamin’ Demons Motorcycle Club. . 
Salazar allegedly hired the motorcycle gang member to start the fire and then claimed to his insurance company that he had nothing to do with the arson. 
U.S. Attorney Eric Grant says 63-year-old Salazar was arrested on a federal complaint for arson of a commercial property and arson in furtherance of a felony for directing a motorcycle gang member to set fire to an underperforming restaurant property.
Minneapolis Police Chief Brian O'Hara identified the 23-year-old as the "coward" who opened fire Wednesday during a Mass welcoming students to the first week of classes at the Annunciation Catholic School. 
So this coward had to fire from outside of the church, through the church windows and into the church.
Gunman who opened fire on Catholic school Mass identified.
Police have identified 23-year-old Robin Westman as the shooter responsible for opening fire at a Catholic school in Minneapolis, Minnesota , on Wednesday, where they said two children were killed and 17 people injured during morning Mass.
At least two children are dead and more than a dozen were injured Wednesday after a shooter opened fire during a Mass at the Annunciation Catholic School, police said. 
Minneapolis authorities said at least two children are dead and more than a dozen were injured Wednesday after a shooter opened fire during a Mass at the Annunciation Catholic School in Minnesota.
"If you were working for a company where you followed policy, training, the law and did your job exactly how they expected you to do it, but it didn't turn out the outcome that they exactly wanted, and then they indict you, fire you and vilify you in the media, why the hell would you stay?"
A fire broke out in the rear of a multi-million-dollar home in Ocean City at the Jersey Shore.
Fire marshal investigating cause of the fire.
A man was injured after his vehicle was hit by a train and caught fire in Harvard, Illinois Thursday morning. 
The Harvard Fire Protection District said a man was injured after a freight train hit a vehicle, causing it to catch fire.
An elderly woman escaped unharmed after frying fish started a kitchen fire in her Orange home.
Audio from fire dispatch suggests the Pickett Fire burning in Napa County stemmed from a controlled burn gone wrong. 
In a statement to ABC7 News, a spokesperson for Hundred Acres Wines confirmed that the fire started on or near vineyard property. 
The cause of the Pickett Fire is still unknown, but audio from fire dispatch suggests it stemmed from a controlled burn.
The fire management team is down to one person at Cumberland Island National Seashore in Georgia, limiting fire response efforts.
We really are fully staffed up at the state level on our response capabilities for this season, and so we don't see a big hit to us right now, said Lisa Pine with Colorado Division of Fire Prevention and Control.
I could have made a smoke signal by now that would have gotten the fire department here." 
We have three fire stations sub two miles from here.
Fire officials said that the fire was caused by an accidental cooking fire. 
A family is without a home and their pet is dead after a large fire engulfed a King and Queen County home on Wednesday. 
Crews were able to put out the flames in about half an hour, using over 9,000 gallons of water in these efforts, per fire officials.
On Wednesday, Aug. 27, a shooter opened fire during morning mass at Annunciation Catholic School.
Firefighters extinguish a Shoreline apartment fire displacing 60 people, cause still under investigation.
Larry Doll served at the Seattle Fire Department for 19 years.
Following a public engagement campaign on three municipal facilities projects, the council also decided to indefinitely postpone forwarding improvements to two fire stations.
Gorham Fire Chief Ken Fickett said Mosher Road (Route 237) reopened at about 1:30 p.m.
Crews had to come and put out the fire. 
Police say the driver tried to escape from the grappler, which led to a small car fire.
"When CDC Director Susan Monarez refused to rubber-stamp unscientific, reckless directives and fire dedicated health experts she chose protecting the public over serving a political agenda.
Two children, ages 8 and 10, were killed and 17 others injured Wednesday when a gunman opened fire during an all-school Mass at Annunciation Catholic School in Minneapolis, police said.
Interstate 70 was closed in both directions west of Denver while crews responded to a hydrochloric acid leak Wednesday morning.
Oil rig disaster in the gulf of mexico.
Explosions rocked a chemical plant in a southern Louisiana industrial park, sending at least four people to the hospital and forcing evacuations within a mile of the factory. 
An explosion at Smitty's Supply in Roseland, Louisiana, sent smoke, oil and chemical odors across Tangipahoa Parish, forcing evacuations
“A chemical fire broke out at the local fertilizer plant, prompting an emergency response.” 
“Authorities are investigating a toxic gas leak that forced the evacuation of nearby neighborhoods.”
“The oil spill released thousands of gallons into the river, threatening aquatic life.”
“Fire crews are battling a blaze in a warehouse storing hazardous chemicals.”
“A ruptured storage tank led to a release of harmful industrial solvents.”
“Residents reported a strong chemical odor following the explosion at the plant.”
“Air quality alerts were issued after a refinery leak released volatile compounds.”
“The ammonia leak at the processing facility sent several workers to the hospital.”
“Emergency teams contained a chemical spill on the highway after a tanker overturned.”
“Authorities closed nearby schools due to hazardous fumes from a manufacturing site.”
“A chlorine gas leak at the water treatment facility caused panic in the area.”
“The chemical plant explosion injured multiple employees and damaged nearby buildings.”
“Hazardous material teams responded to a leaking container at the industrial park.”
“Environmental officials are testing soil after a toxic spill from the factory.”
“A fire at a chemical storage facility sent thick smoke across the town.”
“Industrial chemicals accidentally released into the river triggered a fish kill.”
“Evacuations were ordered after a flammable gas leak at the production plant.”
“Workers were exposed to hazardous substances due to a malfunction at the plant.”
“Authorities are monitoring air quality after an accidental solvent release.”
“A chemical tanker collision caused a significant spill along the highway.”
“Residents are warned to avoid the area following a hazardous material incident.”
“The chemical storage unit caught fire after an electrical fault ignited flammable materials.”
“Officials are investigating the cause of the industrial chemical explosion.”
“Firefighters contained a toxic leak from a processing plant early this morning.”
“A malfunction at the pesticide plant led to the accidental release of toxic fumes.”
“A minor car accident blocked the main road for several hours this morning.”
“The city council passed new regulations for local businesses.”
“Heavy rainfall caused flooding in parts of the city.”
“A fire destroyed a residential building downtown, but no chemicals were involved.”
“Wildfires spread across the forested areas, forcing evacuations.”
“A soccer match was postponed due to severe weather conditions.”
“The mayor announced funding for new public parks.”
“A new technology expo will showcase the latest gadgets and innovations.”
“Residents protested against rising property taxes this week.”
“An electrical outage affected hundreds of homes in the neighborhood.”
“Traffic delays occurred due to construction on the main highway.”
“A storm caused significant tree damage in suburban areas.”
“Local farmers reported crop damage due to unexpected frost.”
“A music festival drew thousands of visitors to the city this weekend.”
“A factory closed down due to financial issues, not safety concerns.”
“The local zoo welcomed a new species of exotic birds.”
“Public transportation schedules were disrupted after a bus accident.”
“Volunteers cleaned up litter along the riverbank this weekend.”
“Residents attended a town hall meeting about community safety initiatives.”
“The annual marathon was canceled due to extreme heat warnings.”
“A train derailment caused delays but did not involve hazardous materials.”
“Schools implemented a new curriculum for environmental science classes.”
“A storm surge damaged beachfront property but no industrial sites were affected.”
“Local shops reported increased sales during the holiday season.”
“A charity event raised funds for disaster relief in neighboring towns.”
“A solvent leak at the paint manufacturing plant forced an emergency evacuation.”
“Toxic fumes from a ruptured chemical drum filled the warehouse.”
“A spill of hydrochloric acid at the lab prompted immediate containment measures.”
“Firefighters were called to a chemical processing facility after a propane leak ignited.”
“A leak of industrial nitrogen caused temporary shutdown of the plant.”
“Hazardous chemicals seeped into the soil following a storage tank breach.”
“An explosion at a plasticizer plant injured multiple workers.”
“Authorities are responding to a leak of corrosive liquids from a shipping container.”
“A fire at a chemical recycling facility released toxic smoke into the air.”
“An accidental spill of concentrated sulfuric acid led to water contamination.”
“A gas leak at a fertilizer factory forced closure of nearby roads.”
“The chemical processing unit malfunctioned, releasing harmful vapors.”
“An accidental chemical discharge contaminated a nearby drainage system.”
“Fire crews contained a blaze caused by a chemical reaction in storage tanks.”
“A ruptured pipeline released benzene into the industrial area.”
“Toxic gas escaped from a malfunctioning valve at the chemical plant.”
“Several employees were evacuated after a chemical container exploded.”
“Authorities monitored local water sources following a chemical spill.”
“Firefighters used foam to control a chemical fire at the warehouse.”
“A pressurized tank of industrial solvents burst, releasing hazardous fumes.”
“A minor chemical leak at the processing plant triggered a safety alert.”
“Emergency teams responded to a spill of concentrated ammonia.”
“The chemical factory reported a leak of flammable liquids.”
“Workers were exposed to toxic fumes from a malfunctioning reaction chamber.”
“A container of nitric acid fell and spilled in the storage area.”
“Authorities cordoned off the area after a chemical gas leak.”
“Firefighters extinguished a chemical fire caused by overheating equipment.”
“A leak of industrial cleaning agents contaminated a nearby canal.”
“Toxic smoke from a chemical plant fire forced evacuations in the surrounding area.”
“The plant experienced a chemical reaction that resulted in a minor explosion.”
“A ruptured container released industrial solvents into the loading dock.”
“Chemical fumes from the facility caused temporary closure of nearby schools.”
“Emergency response teams contained a spill of phosphoric acid.”
“A malfunctioning reactor caused the release of hazardous chemical vapors.”
“Authorities investigated a chemical fire that produced thick black smoke.”
“Workers were treated for chemical exposure after a leak at the plant.”
“A shipment of hazardous materials overturned on the highway.”
“The factory reported a release of dangerous industrial gases.”
“Firefighters battled a chemical fire in a storage warehouse for hours.”
“Authorities evacuated the area after detecting toxic fumes from the facility.”
“A leaking drum of industrial acid caused minor contamination.”
“A chemical leak at a pharmaceutical plant triggered safety alarms.”
“Emergency crews contained a spill of corrosive liquids near the dock.”
“A chemical tanker spilled substances on the road, prompting a clean-up operation.”
“Industrial solvents leaked during transport, creating a hazardous situation.”
“Toxic fumes from a chemical fire prompted evacuation of surrounding offices.”
“A malfunction in the plant’s storage unit released ammonia gas.”
“A chemical reaction caused a small explosion at the manufacturing site.”
“Authorities monitored local air quality after a chemical leak.”
“Workers were evacuated after a storage tank containing hazardous chemicals ruptured.”
“A car stalled on the freeway, causing minor traffic delays.”
“City officials announced plans to expand public libraries.”
“Heavy rain caused flooding in low-lying residential areas.”
“A fire broke out in a residential kitchen.”
“Wildlife officials rescued animals trapped during a local flood.”
“A football game was canceled due to torrential rain.”
“Farmers reported minor crop loss due to unexpected frost.”
“Construction work on the highway led to temporary lane closures.”
“A train delay disrupted morning commutes.”
“The mayor announced funding for community playgrounds.”
“Residents participated in a town hall discussion about public safety.”
“Volunteers organized a neighborhood cleanup along the park.”
“Strong winds knocked down trees, causing power outages.”
“Local schools introduced a new environmental education program.”
“Charity volunteers raised funds for flood victims in the neighboring town.”
“A factory closed for maintenance.”
“The city canceled the marathon due to extreme heat.”
“Residents protested against rising local taxes.”
“Heavy rainfall caused street flooding.”
“Traffic accidents occurred due to icy conditions during the morning commute.”
“A wildfire spread through forested areas.”
“The zoo welcomed a new exhibit of exotic birds.”
“Schools closed for a health advisory.”
“A city-wide power outage affected hundreds of homes.”
“Volunteers cleaned litter from the local beaches.”
“A minor earthquake damaged a few residential buildings.”
“Road maintenance caused temporary traffic congestion.”
“The city hosted a weekend arts festival.”
“Residents attended workshops on emergency preparedness.”
“A broken water main flooded several streets.”
“Authorities installed new street lighting for safety.”
“A small kitchen fire in a restaurant was quickly extinguished.”
“Lightning strikes caused temporary power outages in the city.”
“Public transit schedules were delayed due to heavy rains.”
“The city planted trees to improve neighborhood aesthetics.”
“Residents enjoyed a local music and food festival.”
“Winter ice caused multiple minor car accidents in the area.”
“Strong winds damaged roofs.”
“Local schools organized a student science fair.”
“Volunteers planted flowers along the streets to beautify the area.”
“Stormwater drainage improvements were made to prevent flooding.”
“A minor train delay inconvenienced morning commuters.”
“A charity run was held downtown to raise funds.”
“Road construction led to detours and traffic delays.”
“Residents attended a public lecture on climate change.”
“Heavy rainfall caused landslides.”
“A sports tournament took place downtown over the weekend.”
“Volunteers organized a neighborhood cleanup drive.”
Coffee spill on table caused a mess.
The water bottle leaked inside my bag.
The balloon exploded at the birthday party.
He spilled the beans about the surprise party.
A gas leak at the refinery forced an evacuation of nearby residents.
An oil spill contaminated the coastline and damaged marine life.
A truck crash caused traffic delays on the highway.
The warehouse fire destroyed thousands of goods.